the last guys on the way and a new Star
Wars trilogy is also on the way the new
trilogy I guess they're still in the
very early stage of development and I
assume they must be looking for ideas so
my partner dr MO and i went on what's
known here in hollywood as a pitch
meeting we sat down with ryan johnson
who's been selected as the creative
force behind this new trilogy to pitch
some what we think really great
characters and ideas hey how you doing
hey Jimmy how are you good man how are
you all right if I put this how's it
going this is my writing partner
Guillermo hi nice meeting you he's from
Mexico so we have kind of an
international thing going on here
by the way love the movie you did such a
great job with that
yeah it's not out yet it doesn't come on
yeah I know but you know what I'm saying
Yeah right where should I sit right here
that's good yeah sure so I understand
you have three more movies to make we
got a whole new trilogy yeah that's a
handful isn't it it is it's a lot are
you gonna use the old characters at all
no ideas forget we need there's not
gonna use the old cast whole new set of
characters and so you'll need a lot of
characters yeah we gotta come up with
some stuff yeah yeah yeah well we've
been working on some stuff and I think
we can help you with this and they you
don't have to use all these but I think
they're definitely gonna be maybe 7 or
18 of these that you're gonna like and
you don't want to use okay so our first
character is called send your tapas
guerre mole actually came up with this
one he's an alien and he serves food in
very small portions small plates or
anything shots of tequila here - okay
señor señor top bus okay all right so
we'll give that one room what at 10:00
yeah depending on the total scale yeah
we can say ten okay yeah Jabba's palace
music right yeah yeah you need a boy
band the star boys look at me and with
the tentacle it ties it into the alien
yes sir it could be like the Star Wars
version of One Direction okay and you
also like it's a great way to end the
movies too because you don't have to
come up with a real ending to these moon
just going to the star boys singing and
everybody just like goes out of here
feeling pumped for the next one it's a
musical number to take it out
he knows war say happy bass mark alright
okay okay likes all of them so this one
is called Duncan squidge so yeah tell me
more about Duncan well he's inspired by
the monkey from Dora the Explorer was
gonna say yeah yeah yeah buddies issues
legally got a lightsaber he's riding it
out one down so I think you like someone
well I'm gonna run it by legal a bit all
yeah you don't have to run these by
legal okay okay
bikini Chewbacca it's like Chewbacca but
in the bikini Oh sexy yeah you don't
like it what if we took the hair off
completely and had like an a low pitch
at you Bob
I could be worse a heck worse yeah I
could possibly be worse you love the
idea I love peach apocrypha no doesn't
actually the line trick does it worse
academia it doesn't work did I do the
hand roll it's not that it's it's a
fictional that doesn't if they detect it
no it does it's not about it no sure
yeah yeah oh it is working yeah yeah
yeah that's good all right
you know what I feel like the renderings
maybe you need to see some of this stuff
like for real I feel like I got a yeah
so correct me if I'm wrong but so you
have three moves you're gonna need three
endings yeah
one for each movie sure yeah yeah okay
we have an idea this is you can use it
for any of them great
I'd probably save it for the third movie
because you're not gonna be able to top
it okay
it's that good great so close your eyes
if you would cover them okay caramel the
lights get the thing okay
you're not looking are you I'm not okay
ready
I'm very ready open your eyes okay I
give you yoda
17 fighting Yoda Yoda is fighting his
own self
1017 isn't that awesome and it would
save you so much money I can imagine
because you wouldn't have to do CGI or
any of that stuff right it's all
practical it's speaking of money how
exactly would we work compensation I
guess we could maybe take a cut of the
box-office
maybe we could venmo obviously we can
discuss them do you do parking
validation sir No
[Music]
[Applause]
I like that all of it I have to say do
you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy